Add ClickStack Chrome extension sample dataset guide (#6345)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/use-cases/observability/clickstack/example-datasets/chrome-extension.md

The SDK is bundled inside the extension (~480 KB), so pages do not need to load scripts from a CDN at runtime. The extension tries external `chrome-extension://` script injection first and falls back to inline injection when CSP blocks extension-origin scripts.

Unlike the [Session Replay Demo](session-replay.md), which instruments a demo application you control, this approach works on **any** URL you open in Chrome. You generate session data by interacting with the site as a normal user.

For background on session replay and how it fits into ClickStack, see the [Session Replay](/use-cases/observability/clickstack/session-replay) feature page.

## Prerequisites {#prerequisites}

- Google Chrome or a Chromium-based browser (Edge, Brave, etc.)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) installed, if running ClickStack locally

> - Ports 4317, 4318, and 8080 available (for local ClickStack)

Reviewer: @kyreddie to confirm if this is a valid suggestion or not

### Configure the extension {#configure-extension}

Click the **HyperDX Browser Extension** icon in the Chrome toolbar and fill in the settings:

| Field | Local ClickStack example | Notes |
|-------|--------------------------|-------|
| **Enable HyperDX Monitoring** | On | Master toggle for injection |
| **Service Name** | `my-frontend-app` | Required — identifies the service in ClickStack |
| **API Key** | *(empty)* | Required for cloud ingestion; optional for some self-hosted setups |
| **Collector URL** | `http://localhost:4318` | OTLP HTTP endpoint; cloud default is `https://in-otel.hyperdx.io` |
| **Environment** | `development` | Optional — sets `deployment.environment` resource attribute |
| **Trace Propagation Targets** | `/api\.myapp\.domain/i, /localhost/i` | Optional — comma-separated JavaScript regex patterns for trace header propagation |
| **Only inject on matching URLs** | Off | Enable to limit which sites are instrumented |
| **Capture console logs** | Off | Enable to forward browser console output |
| **Advanced network capture** | Off | Enable for detailed network request capture |

Click **Save Configuration**, then reload any tabs you want to instrument.

> <Image img={extension_config} alt="HyperDX Chrome extension configuration popup with local ClickStack settings" size="md" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Image img={extension_config} alt="HyperDX Chrome extension configuration popup with local ClickStack settings" size="sm" />
```

The screenshot shows quite large for me even at `md` - might be better at `sm`

## Troubleshooting {#troubleshooting}

### Sessions not appearing in HyperDX {#sessions-not-appearing}

1. Check the browser console for `[HyperDX Extension]` log messages or errors
2. Confirm **Enable HyperDX Monitoring** is on and **Service Name** is set
3. Verify ClickStack is running and the collector URL is correct (e.g. `http://localhost:4318`)
4. Adjust the time range in the Client Sessions view (try **Last 15 minutes**)
5. Hard refresh the browser: `Cmd+Shift+R` (Mac) or `Ctrl+Shift+R` (Windows/Linux)

### `chrome-extension://invalid/` errors {#extension-invalid}

Reload the extension at `chrome://extensions`, then hard-refresh the tab. This happens when the extension was updated or reloaded while tabs were still open.

### No injection on a site {#no-injection}

1. Check that monitoring is enabled and a service name is configured
2. If **Only inject on matching URLs** is on, confirm the current page URL matches one of your patterns
3. Some sites block both extension-origin and inline script injection via CSP — injection may not be possible on those pages

### `HyperDX: Missing apiKey` in console {#missing-api-key}

> Expected when the API key field is empty. Add an ingestion API key from HyperDX for cloud endpoints, or ignore if your self-hosted collector accepts unauthenticated local traffic.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we shouldn't make these detail drop downs rather than H3s, similar to how we have it on https://www.clickhouse.com/docs/use-cases/observability/clickstack/faq

That way the user just sees the information for the item they expand

```suggestion
<details>
<summary>Sessions not appearing in HyperDX</summary>

1. Check the browser console for `[HyperDX Extension]` log messages or errors
2. Confirm **Enable HyperDX Monitoring** is on and **Service Name** is set
3. Verify ClickStack is running and the collector URL is correct (e.g. `http://localhost:4318`)
4. Adjust the time range in the Client Sessions view (try **Last 15 minutes**)
5. Hard refresh the browser: `Cmd+Shift+R` (Mac) or `Ctrl+Shift+R` (Windows/Linux)

</details>

<details>
<summary>`chrome-extension://invalid/` errors </summary>

Reload the extension at `chrome://extensions`, then hard-refresh the tab. This happens when the extension was updated or reloaded while tabs were still open.

</details>

<details>
<summary>No injection on a site</summary>

1. Check that monitoring is enabled and a service name is configured
2. If **Only inject on matching URLs** is on, confirm the current page URL matches one of your patterns
3. Some sites block both extension-origin and inline script injection via CSP — injection may not be possible on those pages
4. 

</details>

<details>
<summary>`HyperDX: Missing apiKey` in console </summary>

Expected when the API key field is empty. Add an ingestion API key from HyperDX for cloud endpoints, or ignore if your self-hosted collector accepts unauthenticated local traffic.

</details>
```

## Privacy {#privacy}

> The extension injects observability code into pages you visit. Use it only on sites you are allowed to debug. Do not share API keys or commit them to version control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension injects observability code into pages you visit. Use it only on sites you are allowed to debug. Don't share API keys or commit them to version control.
```
